One of the best Laravel practices is to use their resource controllers, most web applications consist
of crude actions around different resources.
Let's take a look at what crude is it stands for create, read, update and delete.
Indeed, most of the time, this is what Web applications are all about, you create resources like
blog posts, you list them, you display one blog post.
But you also can edit a post and delete it additionally for creating and editing, you need to display
some kind of forum.
The resource controller creates all necessary routes and controller actions for you.
Everything is made according to best practices and conventions.
The following diagram will help you understand what routes will be created.
For example, posts a resource.
What would be the route names you are eyes and what is their function.
You can download this diagram under this lecture.